# Parent's Evening App for RGC
The story of this app began when I was attending one of the regular Parent's Evenings at my school, standing outside of the classroom of one of the teachers I had to visit, who was sitting inside seeing nobody. The reason I still had to wait was that the boy before me was running late, which was now pushing me back for this appointment, and thus the next, etc etc causing the whole system to slow down.
I thought a far better system could be made using an app students could download on their phones, which, during a given Parent's Evening, would show a list of all the teachers they were still due to see, along with the number of people queuing to see them. Students would then have the option to put themselves in the queue for one teacher. The list would be ordered by number of people queuing, so the teacher with the fewest number of students waiting would be shown first, incentivising students to queue for them and so distributing pupils evenly amongst the queues and ultimately working to get through the evening much faster than in the traditional appointment model.
Teachers would have tablets showing the list of pupils they were due to see, and once they had visited could mark them off, removing the teacher from the pupil's list.

I created the app using Ionic, as I'm not familiar with native app development but have some experience on the web. The data was stored in a Mongo database which was communicated with by means of a RESTful API which I kept running on my computer at home (for development purposes - the actual implementation called for it to be run on the school's server). Styling was done in a Material Design style using a framework.

This remains the largest comprehensive project I've worked on to completion, and I was earnest in thinking it could really be used by the school. Unfortunately this never went forward due to security concerns.
